README.md, before:

# Actions on Google: Name Psychic Sample using Java

The Psychic in this sample can guess interesting secrets about you, like your
name and where you are. This sample introduces permissions requests for user
information on the Actions on Google platform using Java.

### Setup Instructions

#### Action Configuration
1. From the [Actions on Google Console](https://console.actions.google.com/), add a new project (this will become your *Project ID*) > **Create Project** > **Skip**.
1. From the left navigation menu under **Build** > **Actions** > **Add Your First Action** > **BUILD** (this will bring you to the Dialogflow console) > Select language and time zone > **CREATE**.
1. In Dialogflow, go to **Settings** ⚙ > **Export and Import** > **Restore from zip**.
    + Follow the directions to restore from the `agent.zip` file in this repo.

#### App Engine Deployment & Webhook Configuration
When a new project is created using the Actions Console, it also creates a Google Cloud project in the background.

1. Obtain an API Key for the Google Maps Geocoding API following Step 1 of the instructions from [this page](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/geocoding/get-api-key).
1. Reaplce `<YOUR_MAPS_KEY_HERE>` in `src/main/resources/config.properties` with your API Key for the Google Maps API.
1. In the [Google Cloud Console API Library](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library), enable the Static Maps API for your project.
1. Download & install the [Google Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/)
1. Configure the gcloud CLI and set your Google Cloud project to the name of your Actions on Google Project ID, which you can find from the [Actions on Google console](https://console.actions.google.com/) under Settings ⚙
    + `gcloud init`
    + `gcloud auth application-default login`
    + `gcloud components install app-engine-java`
    + `gcloud components update` 
1. Deploy to [App Engine using Gradle](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/java/using-gradle): 
    + `gradle appengineDeploy` OR 
    +  From within IntelliJ, open the Gradle tray and run the appEngineDeploy task.
1. Back in the [Dialogflow console](https://console.dialogflow.com), from the left navigation menu under **Fulfillment** > **Enable Webhook**, set the value of **URL** to `https://<YOUR_PROJECT_ID>.appspot.com` > **Save**.

#### Testing this Sample
1. In the [Dialogflow console](https://console.dialogflow.com), from the left navigation menu > **Integrations** > **Integration Settings** under Google Assistant > Enable **Auto-preview changes** >  **Test** to open the Actions on Google simulator.
1. Type `Talk to my test app` in the simulator, or say `OK Google, talk to my test app` to Google Assistant on a mobile device associated with your Action's account.

### References & Issues
+ Questions? Go to [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/actions-on-google), [Actions on Google G+ Developer Community](https://g.co/actionsdev), or [Support](https://developers.google.com/actions/support/).
+ For bugs, please report an issue on Github.
+ For Actions on Google [documentation](https://developers.google.com/actions/).
+ For specifics about [Gradle & the App Engine Plugin](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/java/using-gradle).
+ For details on deploying [Java apps with App Engine](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/java/quickstart).

### Make Contributions
Please read and follow the steps in the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

### License
See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

### Terms
Your use of this sample is subject to, and by using or downloading the sample files you agree to comply with, the [Google APIs Terms of Service](https://developers.google.com/terms/).

Commit message:

Replacing Skip Link
Replacing Skip Link for Conversational Card under More Options section.

README.md, after:

# Actions on Google: Name Psychic Sample using Java

The Psychic in this sample can guess interesting secrets about you, like your
name and where you are. This sample introduces permissions requests for user
information on the Actions on Google platform using Java.

### Setup Instructions

#### Action Configuration
1. From the [Actions on Google Console](https://console.actions.google.com/), add a new project (this will become your *Project ID*) > **Create Project**.
1. Scroll down to the **More Options** section, and click on the **Conversational** card.
1. From the left navigation menu under **Build** > **Actions** > **Add Your First Action** > **BUILD** (this will bring you to the Dialogflow console) > Select language and time zone > **CREATE**.
1. In Dialogflow, go to **Settings** ⚙ > **Export and Import** > **Restore from zip**.
    + Follow the directions to restore from the `agent.zip` file in this repo.

#### App Engine Deployment & Webhook Configuration
When a new project is created using the Actions Console, it also creates a Google Cloud project in the background.

1. Obtain an API Key for the Google Maps Geocoding API following Step 1 of the instructions from [this page](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/geocoding/get-api-key).
1. Reaplce `<YOUR_MAPS_KEY_HERE>` in `src/main/resources/config.properties` with your API Key for the Google Maps API.
1. In the [Google Cloud Console API Library](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library), enable the Static Maps API for your project.
1. Download & install the [Google Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/)
1. Configure the gcloud CLI and set your Google Cloud project to the name of your Actions on Google Project ID, which you can find from the [Actions on Google console](https://console.actions.google.com/) under Settings ⚙
    + `gcloud init`
    + `gcloud auth application-default login`
    + `gcloud components install app-engine-java`
    + `gcloud components update` 
1. Deploy to [App Engine using Gradle](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/java/using-gradle): 
    + `gradle appengineDeploy` OR 
    +  From within IntelliJ, open the Gradle tray and run the appEngineDeploy task.
1. Back in the [Dialogflow console](https://console.dialogflow.com), from the left navigation menu under **Fulfillment** > **Enable Webhook**, set the value of **URL** to `https://<YOUR_PROJECT_ID>.appspot.com` > **Save**.

#### Testing this Sample
1. In the [Dialogflow console](https://console.dialogflow.com), from the left navigation menu > **Integrations** > **Integration Settings** under Google Assistant > Enable **Auto-preview changes** >  **Test** to open the Actions on Google simulator.
1. Type `Talk to my test app` in the simulator, or say `OK Google, talk to my test app` to Google Assistant on a mobile device associated with your Action's account.

### References & Issues
+ Questions? Go to [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/actions-on-google), [Actions on Google G+ Developer Community](https://g.co/actionsdev), or [Support](https://developers.google.com/actions/support/).
+ For bugs, please report an issue on Github.
+ For Actions on Google [documentation](https://developers.google.com/actions/).
+ For specifics about [Gradle & the App Engine Plugin](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/java/using-gradle).
+ For details on deploying [Java apps with App Engine](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/java/quickstart).

### Make Contributions
Please read and follow the steps in the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

### License
See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

### Terms
Your use of this sample is subject to, and by using or downloading the sample files you agree to comply with, the [Google APIs Terms of Service](https://developers.google.com/terms/).
